# Transcript

- **Source:** `untitled.mp3`
- **Date:** 2026-04-17 10:15

---

Added to what we had for the works. But it's pretty easy because earlier it had gone on emails. So I drove sending emails back and forth, but soon it had become to establish tickets for all deles that go between us and layers. So it's actually a very good thing, for there are men in an overview of the parts. And so for the elder, as tidy as a drop-ne-lit in the ticket stage. Yes! So, just a question. It goes on project. But the sunny grain that we had that we would bear in Maxadj. It must also be prioritized in one or another. I have my experiences a little masterminded, that was to Viking and Henner. Tell you everything we're going to do on the Tiago Tiago. So now we will be in agreement and it will have consequences. You've ever done any greb, just so. Just saying. Yeah, no, that works. What brewery opened? Don't get any new requisition of course. Foster said, yeah, but that is. It takes time for it to have some effect, I think. But it's on no matter what you said that it's nocta. It's okay primarily with the digital. You should work with that and other types of jobs. Nice, I've got some more digital time now. Nine tags in the simulator to fill dashboards with your data and model. Yeah, then snake we about the demo dashboard that lies in Kido. Bare. Popular is a little so seldom bedridden. The lamp. I summarize the feedback and all insights after our moderated user testing in Storinger. It was extremely useful to take a look at our product from user perspective and nine I will share the greater details after our meeting and I believe it will be one of the topics for a discussion and make a brainstorm for our next week hackathon. But I will just share a quick brief and takeaways. Now I see a clear direction what we have to improve and focus to significantly improve usability. Like, uh, like the most, uh. Yix. friction for users. It's touch screen and especially trend viewer screen because it's a different user experience compared to what we have in the web version. Like users struggle with... investigate on the chart because it's not touch Touch friendly. So, but, um... There are some clear points which we can easily improve and like quick wins. especially according to tags, structure, navigation. Like in some cases, we can just add a rowback and improve navigation when user expect to. go from the list of overload lifts to trend viewer and then there's a struggle to go back. It's not clear that they have to go to navigation again and look to this lift again. Oh, and also like tag interpretation. We found out that if we will add post numbers, it will. Like a speed up defendability. I just want to add that there's a long list of improvements. And we might spend a little bit of time next week when we have Bernt here. to to discuss what could be done and what maybe it's too difficult so. I think we will spend a little bit of time on the feedback for the hackathon as well. Yeah, good dog. Now I have some for sale things as usual. Little video records updated to Canada Singapore to last VTO Max Edge, laid in Europan Lise and Kongfäg. The reason I put it together was because I had a file on export Max Cloud for the service. It got bare overflow in real time queue. But it gets it from the last version. So I might have lagged a ticket against Max on it. Updated a year since I finished it again, V2, EHK, OPSET, plus diverse. Vidarberg on board and is going to be driving OAT today, I believe. So that was a bit fade sweeping. IMSUPORT has been a little, Jorten Berg fixed his handwriting. The arm's up, slidbar. Hello, I'm Tess, sorry. Oh, it's master data. Little for seldrinking. Okay. I think I'll talk to the brewer, and he's probably going to get to the research. I don't knew that. But we should have a healthy team meet. Manna is running up yoga. nine Yeah. Yes, I'm not. nine
